offset	Integer	Optional	Identifier of the first update to be returned. Must be greater by one than the highest among the identifiers of previously received updates. By default, updates starting with the earliest unconfirmed update are returned. An update is considered confirmed as soon as getUpdates is called with an offset higher than its update_id. The negative offset can be specified to retrieve updates starting from -offset update from the end of the updates queue. All previous updates will forgotten.
limit	Integer	Optional	Limits the number of updates to be retrieved. Values between 1—100 are accepted. Defaults to 100.
timeout	Integer	Optional	Timeout in seconds for long polling. Defaults to 0, i.e. usual short polling. Should be positive, short polling should be used for testing purposes only.
allowed_updates	Array of String	Optional	List the types of updates you want your bot to receive. For example, specify [“message”, “edited_channel_post”, “callback_query”] to only receive updates of these types. See Update for a complete list of available update types. Specify an empty list to receive all updates regardless of type (default). If not specified, the previous setting will be used. Please note that this parameter doesn't affect updates created before the call to the getUpdates, so unwanted updates may be received for a short period of time.

chat_id	Integer or String	Yes	Unique identifier for the target chat or username of the target channel (in the format @channelusername)
text	String	Yes	Text of the message to be sent
parse_mode	String	Optional	Send Markdown or HTML, if you want Telegram apps to show bold, italic, fixed-width text or inline URLs in your bot's message.
disable_web_page_preview	Boolean	Optional	Disables link previews for links in this message
disable_notification	Boolean	Optional	Sends the message silently. Users will receive a notification with no sound.
reply_to_message_id	Integer	Optional	If the message is a reply, ID of the original message
reply_markup	InlineKeyboardMarkup or ReplyKeyboardMarkup or ReplyKeyboardRemove or ForceReply	Optional	Additional interface options. A JSON-serialized object for an inline keyboard, custom reply keyboard, instructions to remove reply keyboard or to force a reply from the user.
